README.md, before:

# PROJECTS

Repository to load projects done during my learning process.

# Content
<h2>
<abbr title="Java Script">JS</abbr> Projects
</h2>

### [ATM](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/ATM/)
>It was done to work as a ATM, it shows how much money is available to dispatch (editable from class.js), you can writte the amount you want to have and after clicking the RETIRAR button* the page will show you the bills of your transaction and the current balance after the withdraw, you can do this untill the balance is $0.
</br>-class.js, on this file you can edit how many bills have the ATM it modifies automatically the balance.
```javascript
let caja = [];  //(denomination, total)
caja.push(new Billete(100, 5));
caja.push(new Billete(50, 6));
caja.push(new Billete(20, 7));
caja.push(new Billete(10, 6));
````
>The withdraw doesn´t work if you writte an amount that ends with a value minor than 10, ex -21-5-315- cause the denomination of the bills is -100-50-20-10-

### [Random numbers generator](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/randomNumbers/)
>Code to generate random numbers, you can choose the quantity of numbers will be generated and the range they are in.

### [Countdown](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/countdown/)
>Code to writte all the number of a countdown, you can edit the number to start on `let inicio`, by default is 300.

### [Pakiman](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/pakiman/)
>.TODO

### [TransferEmulator](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/Transfer%20Emulator/)
>.TODO

<h2>
<abbr title="Cascading Style Sheet">CSS</abbr> Projects
</h2>

### [Profile Card](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/CSS/Card/)
>Little project did with an emphasis on CSS code, doing my first steps with this language, i applied topics as:
* Positioning
* Properties
* Box model
* Layout
* Displays
* Flexbox
* CSS Grid
* Specificity
* Selectors
* Pseudoclasses
* Pseudoelements

Commit message:

Update the Readme and do some fixtypo in the files of the lats project

README.md, after:

# PROJECTS

Repository to load projects done during my learning process.

# Content
<h2>
<abbr title="Java Script">JS</abbr> Projects
</h2>

### [ATM](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/ATM/)
>It was done to work as a ATM, it shows how much money is available to dispatch (editable from class.js), you can writte the amount you want to have and after clicking the RETIRAR button* the page will show you the bills of your transaction and the current balance after the withdraw, you can do this untill the balance is $0.
</br>-class.js, on this file you can edit how many bills have the ATM it modifies automatically the balance.
```javascript
let caja = [];  //(denomination, total)
caja.push(new Billete(100, 5));
caja.push(new Billete(50, 6));
caja.push(new Billete(20, 7));
caja.push(new Billete(10, 6));
````
>The withdraw doesn´t work if you writte an amount that ends with a value minor than 10, ex -21-5-315- cause the denomination of the bills is -100-50-20-10-

### [Rock, Paper... Scissors](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/rockPapperScissors/)
>Page that works like the game rock paper scissors, you only have to put your name when opening the link and then just choose between the three options. The dashboard will update the score automatically. 

### [Random numbers generator](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/randomNumbers/)
>Code to generate random numbers, you can choose the quantity of numbers will be generated and the range they are in.

### [Countdown](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/countdown/)
>Code to writte all the number of a countdown, you can edit the number to start on `let inicio`, by default is 300.

### [Pakiman](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/pakiman/)
>.TODO

### [TransferEmulator](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/JS/Transfer%20Emulator/)
>.TODO

<h2>
<abbr title="Cascading Style Sheet">CSS</abbr> Projects
</h2>

### [Profile Card](https://sebcastrom.github.io/PROJECTS/CSS/Card/)
>Little project did with an emphasis on CSS code, doing my first steps with this language, i applied topics as:
* Positioning
* Properties
* Box model
* Layout
* Displays
* Flexbox
* CSS Grid
* Specificity
* Selectors
* Pseudoclasses
* Pseudoelements
